All right, so let's go ahead, move and throw it here.
Move into that spring boot ecommerce project.
And let's move up here and let's create a new package, a new package named config.
All right, so in our config package, let's go ahead and create a new job, a class.
And we'll call this class my day to rest config.
All righty, let me expand my window here.
This class will implement the interface repository reskin figurer.
And then we'll move in here and we'll implement the methods for this interface.
And we'll choose the method configure repository risk configuration.
OK, let's make a small digression.
We need to make an update to our code.
The spring team made some updates of this interface in recent versions of Spring.
The method now has a new parameter cause registry.
So we need to add this new parameter to our method.
We'll also need to add the appropriate import for the course registry.
Now, at the moment, we're not using the course registry parameter.
However, it's required for the recent versions of this interface.
But don't worry, we will use the course registry parameter later in the course.
We'll use it to customize the core support in our application anyways.
Be sure to make this update in your code.
Now, when we return to the original code in the video, you'll see the old version of the method.
Don't worry about it.
Just keep what we have here and move on with the current updates.
All righty.
Let's go ahead and get back to coding.
So the first thing I'll do is I'll set up an array of methods, and so these are the unsupported actions.
So I'll choose the HTP methods for put posts and delete.
All right, so let's go ahead and get down to business and let's disable the methods for product, put
post and delete.
Let me stretch out here for a bit.
Myself, some white space, some room to work with.
So uses config, I get exposure configuration.
For a given domain type product class, and so this little applied to the product repository.
And I'll say with item exposure.
So for a given product item, we make use of the Java Lambda syntax with the arrow symbol.
And then we use the AHP methods to disable and we pass in that array that we just created our unsupported
actions.
And then let's do a similar thing here for collection exposure.
And so we also do a disable on those unsupported actions and still semicolon at the end.
And that's pretty much it.
So this block of code will disable the key methods for the product repository for put, post and delete.
So only get will work effectively making this read only.
So this is for the product repository, let's do a similar thing for the product categories.
I'll just do or copy paste here.
And I'll just make small updates here, product category.
And then everything else for this is the same.
So we've basically locked down the product repository and also the product category repository and only
made them read only.
So this looks really good so far.
I'm happy.
And oh, yeah, one more thing I need to do, I almost forgot about this laptop, I need to add support
for that configuration class, basically allow this to be scanned as a given item here.
So we simply use a at configuration.
So spring will pick this up.
All right, so we're in good shape here.
Let's go ahead and run this and let's test it out.
Already our app is up and running, let's go and test it using Postman.
And inside of Postman, I'll set up a new request here, I get requests right now just to make sure
our normal Read-Only stuff works.
So just make sure that we can at least get some products.
So local 80, 80 slash API slash products.
So this works out just fine, as we expected.
Just simply duplicate this tab here and change to get requests to a host to request.
And so a post request is where we would try and add a new item or add a new product.
So here I just move into the body raw and then Jason and I'll just write some very basic Jason here
to try and send it over to the API.
Let's send this over.
Let's see what we get back.
And this looks really good, so notice here at the status that says four or five method not allowed.
All right, so this API would not allow you to post requests so that given resource or endpoint.
So that's good.
Let's do a similar thing here for Put.
So we try to do a put.
So basically doing it update for you on product I.D..
It was sand and a similar thing, four or five methods not allowed again.
Very good.
I like that.
And then let's try it for a delete.
So let's try and delete product idea one.
Send that over.
And then we also get four or five method not allowed, so this is great.
I like this.
But now let's just kind of double check this.
I want to go into my database and look at my tables just to make sure that nothing's being deleted.
So I'm moving onto our tables.
I go to the my product table to a quick query, and then, yeah, everything's just fine.
So notice that our products are still intact.
Nothing was changed.
Product idea of one is still there.
No moth's, no deletes, so on.
So at this point, our rest API is Read-Only.
So this is great.
We went through the spring data process of configuring our API by making it read only using a small
piece of Java code.
Good job.